= borium

Borium is a distributed super-queue engine, capable of storing many different kinds of queues (fifo).

Borium is tcp, and it keeps everything in queue, even if the machine crashes or is turned off it will continue right where it was at as soon as it gets restarted.

Borium Receives requests as text, and responds json, this way many different clients and workers will know how to interpret the data

Borium ensures that a requested item in queue will be given to only one client once.

Strategy is that you have two kinds of applications interacting with Borium: 1) The ones that put something in the queue. 2) The ones that get something out of the queue.

Contributors: Kazuyoshi Tlacaelel, Joaquin Benitez, Ben Beltran.

python api at: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/python-borium

== Contributing to borium
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2014 kazuyoshi tlacaelel. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

